The Joe Rogan experience.
Joe Biden owns. Come on, man, though. That is true. It really does. Come on,
man. Crystal was just showing.
Me a video that he flipped out on at some reporter today. Did you see this?
He's at this summit with Putin and Biden lost his.
He was asked a question that he didn't like he turned around and started
yelling. No, yeah, no. He was very cranky,
cranky old man status in this dude. I think it's from Fox news. Jamie,
if you wanna show.
Joe that I'm like he's legitimately falling apart and it's really sad. You know,
what's really weird though, is the media's first of all, the left wing media,
completely ignoring how odd it is, the way he behaves.
Like the one nine year old girl that was sitting there with her legs cross like,
oh, look at her over there. Look like I'm 19 year old girl. That legs crossed,
like, what the are you saying? Like, what is that? So there's the whole,
I'm sorry, go ahead. Yeah, but then they'll like,
pretend things are happening that aren't like Glen green wall called it out
today on Twitter. I was reading his Twitter feed.
Some guy was talking about how Putin and by Biden
shook hands and then how Putin looked away.
And then Biden's looking him in the eyes as if he's trying to say that
in any way, Putin is scared of Joe Biden.
That Joe Biden is like dominating Putin. Like what if bizarre,
like in Glen described to it perfectly like go to Glen green wall's Twitter.
Cause it's, it's so strange cuz they do this thing where these world leaders,
they shake hands.
They look at the camera and they shake hands and look at the press mm-hmm
<affirmative>. And so in that moment, Biden had forgotten a look at the,
at the press and he's making it seem like Biden staring him down.
He's showing him what a real man. It's like, it's like a bizarre fantasy.
Like almost like a pro wrestling thing.
Like you know that you can't possibly believe what you're saying is true.
That Putin who's a straight up killer literally.
And a judo black belt. Who's the head of the Soviet union. Well,
whatever Russia union Russia. Yeah. Forever and probably will be to dies.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> killed a gang of people, killed a bunch of people.
Don't like 'em killed a bunch of people.
Talk about 'em made journalists disappear. Allegedly,
allegedly all those things I said allegedly, oh there's one. Okay.
Like they look at each other's shake in the eye and then Putin looks away to the
press and by they're making so mad mansion. Look at this. But look at this.
Look you scroll up please. Yeah. Click it the way you scroll.
No don't where you, where you had it so I could see it just my bad. Sorry.
No worries. Uh, Biden looked put in the eye. Putin immediately looked away.
<laugh> what?
But go to go to green walls cuz the way he covered it is hilarious.
The way green wall made fun of him. What a, well,
if you go click show this thread.
So scroll down there. Scroll right there. Nope. Back right there.
The obsession over who squeezed, whose hands hardest. Who led? Who? I meant,
I guess he meant let go. Who? Let go.
First of the grip whose body language shows masculine authority and whose show
submission is demented.
A bunch of liberal professionals not allowed to speak this way except here.
So true. That's exactly what it is.
He said Joe Biden can barely complete a sentence.
Half the time he drifts off the middle of his words.
He's constantly bowing his head and muttering about how he'll get in trouble.
If he continues, nobody is afraid of him. Stop feeding liberal hoards.
This warped PLOM PLOM that's a weird word.
PLOM yeah. So, um.
PLOM you ever use that word? Jamie.
PLOS. A good word.
So it's interesting because this is why people hate the media, right? You,
everybody feels like they're arguing more from an narrative than they are just
sort of objectively describing what's happening.
And with Biden it's particularly weird because early on in the democratic
primary, when the media was convinced, it's not gonna be Biden,
it's gonna be Pete budgie or it's gonna be Kamala Harris or it's gonna be,
you know, whoever fill in the blank with whoever imploded and was terrible.
They actually were open and honest about the fact for a example,
that Joe Biden sort of sundowning and he is not all there and he can't really
complete full sentences.
And so they actually were the ones who brought it up in debates with him.
For example, Julian Castro very famously was like,
do you even know what you just said? Like five seconds ago, this,
this was a big moment in the debate. And so the media would openly talk about,
I don't know if Joe's all there anymore,
but the second that he got the nomination, they stopped.
Nobody's allowed to say it. And if you say it you're, you're Trump.
You're a right-winger exactly. Even though, you know,
I'm I was the biggest Bernie supporter out there and I was like,
here's a compilation of Joe Biden, clearly having some mental issues. Yeah.
And so it was just incredibly dishonest. Um,
been to your point on Putin and Russia,
the narrow of that they're using for Biden is he's tough.
He's standing up to him.
It was the exact opposite for Trump where they were saying, oh,
he's a he's Vladimir Putin's puppet. Yeah. You know,
and they're actually incorrect for both of those things. So in terms of, uh,
what Trump was doing, Trump, Bob Syria,
who's Russia's top ally Trump rejected pipeline called the Nord stream
pipeline, which would've greatly helped. Russia.
Trump armed Ukrainian rebels on the ground who are fighting Russia.
Trump did a NATO buildup on Russia's border.
Now I don't agree with those policies,
but those policies are incredibly hawkish and raised tensions with Russia. Now,
in the case of Biden, Biden actually just approved the Nord stream to pipeline,
which is a pipeline that's gonna greatly help Russia because it makes it so that
Russian oil and gas is gonna be used in Germany now. And so that's a very,
that's a very peaceful move. That's not hawkish, that's not raising tensions.
So he's basically giving Putin something that Putin wants. Which again,
I actually agree with that. I see no problem with the pipeline,
but they're framing it as if like buck Joe Biden. He's so weak and, and he's,
you know, Vladimir Putin or excuse me,
Joe Biden is so strong and he's dominating Vladimir Putin.
Mm. Yeah. I,
I don't understand why they think that they can do that and that people
won't be more hesitant to believe the news dude, you.
Would be surprised at unfortunately some of this stuff lands,
there is a backlash to it, but some of this stuff lands, I saw great.
Phole the other day when it came to Donald Trump,
it was like over 70% of the time they talked about him,
they would talk about his like character and leadership qualities or lack
thereof. Yeah. And so when that, how you're talking about the person you say,
oh the you want. Cause what does that even mean?
Let me talk about this person's character. It's subjective. Somebody could say,
I think he's got great character. Somebody could say,
I think he's got terrible character.
So it was always out of the realm of policy. Right. And then that same poll,
it was like 60 or 65% of the time when they talked about Biden,
they talked about policy. Mm. So it's it,
there was this huge dichotomy, how they,
they discuss the presidents and obviously the ones who they, like,
they go a little softer on when it came to Trump and they despised him,
they would talk about, and the, the crazy thing,
the thing that drives me crazy Joe,
is that there are a lot of ways to go after Trump.
They're actually very intelligent that I would agree with.
When you stick to policy,
I disagree with him on almost everything when it comes to policy,
but they didn't do that. Right. It was all about he, you know, he's bad person.
Yeah. Character assassination all day long, which is gross.
Do you think that Biden is making actual decisions? Um.
That's a good question. Um.
I don't think I would ever say that about any other president other than Trump.
Some, some of the Trump stuff. I was like,
I wonder like how much he like pawns off on the generals.
Well, w Bush was also an idiot too.
You know? Well, but we all knew that Dick Cheney.
Was kind of, he was pulling the puppet strings. Yeah. So in the case of,
of Biden, I think it's, it's 50, 50.
I think some of the stuff he probably makes in some of the stuff he doesn't,
I mean,
he Def he clearly is having struggles mentally and he is getting very old.
And I think everybody around him knows that, but a lot of the big decisions,
I'm sure they have to land on his desk. Um, and what.
Did they do D for him during the debates with Trump when he was sharp,
but one debate they had to.
And I said this too, with the Bernie debate as well. I really,
and this is all speculation. I just want everybody to know,
I have no facts on this. I'm talking out of my, but yeah,
I think he was on some sort of upper that allowed him to be sharp.
I feel like it had to be more than that.
So you think it's some like anti, I don't know.
Psychotic or, but he was, he was in the groove. Like he acted like a normal.
Person. Well, when he was younger, he actually, again,
I don't agree with him politically. I think he's a terrible cist,
but he was sharp in terms of debating.
There was that debate with Paul Ryan in 2012. You remember that?
He made Paul Ryan look like a little baby. Oh really? Oh yeah.
The 2012 VP debate. It was amazing. There's.
Such a politics fan. You talk about debates.
Like some people talk about playoff games.
<Laugh> and guess what? I watch 'em like that too. I got my popcorn.
I got Twitter up. I'm live, tweeting them. I get all excited and into.
It. Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between in video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE E on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.